Another package from China for ipad mini
midi silicone lining on the back
surface as I have already opened
its just got opened
I'll check here such a soft case
silicone
here is such a rough we put on ipad mini
please, that's how it turns out
protect such a rather soft and elastic
springy as it protects can even from
punches protect me here special
cut for smart cover
for smart cover as it is possible here
put it even now let's see how
Shmatko here so please complete protection
and see how the buttons work
Here you are the buttons, the volume works
for camera there
did the connector deliver for
Headphone also has a connector
Here is a silicone cover slip for
ipad mini thank you all bye